Fix split() separator description (#25098)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/string/split/index.md

### Parameters

- `separator`

>   - : The pattern describing where each split should occur. Can be a string or an object with a [`Symbol.split`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Symbol/split) method — the typical example being a {{jsxref("Global_Objects/RegExp", "regular expression", "", 1)}}. All values that are not objects with a `@@split` method are [coerced to strings](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String#string_coercion). Omitting `separator` causes `split` to return an array with the calling string as a singular element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The pattern describing where each split should occur. Can be `undefined`, a string, or an object with a [`Symbol.split`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Symbol/split) method — the typical example being a {{jsxref("Global_Objects/RegExp", "regular expression", "", 1)}}. Omitting `separator` or passing `undefined` causes `split()` to return an array with the calling string as a single element. All values that are not `undefined` or objects with a `@@split` method are [coerced to strings](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String#string_coercion).
```
